[Music]
six surprising things your nail shape
can reveal
everyone has differently shaped nails
some have broad and square ones others
small and narrow ones have you ever
thought how much they could say about
you well me neither
but a well-known Nigerian scientist has
produced a research paper where he
admits that the natural shape of nails
like fingerprints may contain
information about their owners
personality well we at bright side
decided to check this here are 6
different shapes board nails small
square nails long narrow nails short
nails almond shaped nails and triangular
nails just find yours and we'll show you
the description I'll give you 10 seconds
to choose your shape
ready there all right let's see the
result
number one broad long and rectangular
nails you're a comp rag matic balanced
an independent person with a broad
mindset you're reliable and have an
acute sense of responsibility for your
words and actions you are born to be a
leader
number two tiny square nails sharp
flexible and resourceful people with
quick wits these people tend to be
greedy and aggressive as well as jealous
you are very explosive though your
outbursts passed soon number three long
and narrow nails egotistic and
intelligent people with opportunistic
principles they love luxury and demand
attention to themselves they often get
offended well number four short nails
short temperament and impatient what do
you mean by that
these people are nevertheless incredibly
quick-witted the shorter the nails the
more demanding such a person is to
themselves and others they always strive
to have their way and are encouraged
about perfectionists you're not doing
that right
number-5
almond-shaped nails delicate tender and
romantic souls with idealistic views
they like feeling useful to others and
they're very sentimental soft and easy
to offend what do you mean by that
number six triangular nails artistic
with a delicate personality and
constantly changing the mood always on
edge and prone to nervous breakdowns
they want to be recognized and famous
and they hate losing
so what is your time would you agree
with our description share your thoughts
in the comments oh these are finger
nails and let me put my shoes back on
[Music]
hey don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and click subscribe to
join us on the bright side of life
[Music]